I have no hair as it was trying to see
burning a fire enough they'll attempt to
save up fucking bag of beef jerky good
what the hell did I go wrong I guess
it's paying homage to when I was born as
a kid in my early teens they call me el
pelon i love motorcycles when I can't
drive for shit I'm a call as
distractions on that distracted by ass
anyways up alone means the Baldwin
sounds so much better in Spanish really
I tend to have a habit of rocking
hairstyles that actually had in real
life something I end up doing in so many
games and I have had many from bald that
Jesus hair too spiky and all sorts of
disaster really oh boy these missions
right here have to be some of my
favorites in this game I fucking love
them what's funnier than getting
absolutely fucked up like this and
tossed around like crash test dummy damn
I love it 99-cent stores are a big-ass
lie more like five dollars plus tax and
up that brings me to my cheap ass
microphone have to duct tape and super
glue it all over just to keep that shit
intact from falling apart shitty and to
go along with it i made a customized
ghetto pop filter my ghetto tools of the
trade i tell you modern-day look irina i
probably could have made one out of a
shoe or something but laziness got the
best of me hmm looks like my plan has
backfired here i attained chili kicked
this cop out to cause a damn scene he's
not really helping for shit that much so
yeah I just might end up posting pics of
my cheapo Mike and pop filter on my
Twitter or Facebook speaking of face
time I need a
was I thinking see if I can remind
myself jeans I love it how these people
are driving don't even attempt to slow
down they just keep pressing the gas and
after they run over my ass they just
keep driving getting hit and run point
just like real life oh boy they capture
that essence so well I'll try to cause
more mayhem on the next one and I do
plan on getting a better mic as soon as
I do a few more escorts that's a male
prostitution don't you know I hope you
enjoyed this shorty i'm away this bitch
coming out shit no time to those to the
motherfuckin low crimson out